Update important upgrade notes (#5435)
mattermost/docs: source/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.rst

|                                                    | application to the new system. The table where the migration information is stored is called ``db_migrations``. Additionally, a ``db_lock`` table is used to     |
|                                                    | prevent multiple installations from running migrations in parallel. In case of an error while applying the migrations, please check this table first.  Any       |
|                                                    | downtime depends on how many records the database has and whether there are missing migrations in the schema. If you encounter an issue please file              |
|                                                    | `an Issue <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/issues>`_ by including the failing migration name, database driver/version, and the server logs.      |
|                                                    |                                                                                                                                                                  |

> |                                                    | If you encounter an error "Failed to apply database migrations" when upgrading to v6.4.0, it means that there is a mismatch between the table collation and the  |

Reviewer: We can mention this will happen in mysql/mariadb here. 0/5

|                                                    | default database collation. You can manually fix this by changing the database collation with                                                                    |

> |                                                    | ``ALTER DATABASE mattermost COLLATE = 'utf8mb4_general_ci',``. Then do the server upgrade again and the migration will be successful.                            |                                                 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                                    | ``ALTER DATABASE <YOUR_DB_NAME> COLLATE = 'utf8mb4_general_ci',``. Then do the server upgrade again and the migration will be successful.                            |                                                 
```
